# Document!


# Specification

my website idea was a simple web app to quickly figure out my hours for timecharging as well as having a to do list.

## background
At my workplace hours are charged to a particular time code so you have to work out when you will have completed your hours for the day so you can log them before leaving.
On top of this we use a Kanban board on my project to book time to different tasks this can quickly become hard to keep track of if you work on many smaller tasks in a day.

## colour choices

I wanted the colours to be light and blueish to help stand out and to help wake people up in the morining with some blue light.
In parth is choice was also motivated by the fact that most of our internal sites use darker colours and I wanted it to be different.

## Accessability 

The tool can be used purely with a keyboard, the buttons appear differnt when hovered over  and the images display text when hovered over.
there are no flashing animations that pose a sizure risk.
the text is readable and clear.
navigations is extremely simple.
users are alerted to wrong input .

## GDPR 

gdpr is not really relevent here as no data is stored or processed by a server all processing is done client side and no data is stored.
hovever just to outline the eight rights
1.  The right to be informed
2.  The right of access 
3.  The right to rectification
4.  The right to erasure
5.  The right to restrict processing
6.  The right to data portability
7.  The right to object
8.  Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
only Item 1 really applies here as the other entries are about the processing of data by the website as we do not process the data we do not need to aquire concent for something we are not doing.
## Sales

this is N/A no sales are involved 

# Conclusion 
I'm quite pleased with the outcome, it's crude but functional and is capable of handling user errors.
getting elements to be added to a list dynamicly was chalenging I eventually moved the list it generated out of the div to get this to work while this makes it work it would make maintainance difficult and was the main reason I didn't get the page to be dynamic.
The Javascript works well and was surprisingly easy to get to work with the DOM.
the most chalanging part was getting elements generated by the Javascript to display properly.


